mention KB in the readme (#276)
aquasecurity/kube-hunter: README.md

**Run kube-hunter**: kube-hunter is available as a container (aquasec/kube-hunter), and we also offer a web site at [kube-hunter.aquasec.com](https://kube-hunter.aquasec.com) where you can register online to receive a token allowing you to see and share the results online. You can also run the Python code yourself as described below.

> **Explore vulnerabilities**: The kube-hunter knowledge base includes articles about discoverable vulnerabilities and issues. When kube-hunter reports an issue, it will show it's VID (Vulnerability ID) so you can look it up in the KB. https://aquasecurity.github.io/kube-hunter/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Explore vulnerabilities**: The kube-hunter knowledge base includes articles about discoverable vulnerabilities and issues. When kube-hunter reports an issue, it will show its VID (Vulnerability ID) so you can look it up in the KB at https://aquasecurity.github.io/kube-hunter/
```

Author: I'm aware of this problem I have :) my fingers type it automatically.
